Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look like they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
Like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
Even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won’t do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
So is Onizuka
making enough money?
I've heard that
he's not even close.
I figured that it would
be impossible.
Demands to fire him
will swarm the school.
He deserves it.
He stole the money.
And then he showed off.
Come on in!
RAFFLE DRAWING
RAFFLE TICKET
PRIZE VALUE 80 MILLION YEN
A raffle ticket?
Hello!
I thought it was you.
What do you want?
Is that any way to greet...
...your friend since
elementary school?
I never expected
you to go this far.
Someone sweet like you
who lives in such a nice house...
...has done this much.
Such a nice house?
Your father is
the manager of a bank...
...and your mother is
a happy housewife.
You live in a reasonably big house.
You are a typical daughter...
...from a happy, upper-
middle-class family.
I wonder how a girl
who looks so happy...
...can keep so much
anger bottled up.
What don't you understand?
This is about revenge.
Revenge for our friend...
...who trusted a teacher
and was betrayed...
...and had to leave our school.
Because of the homeroom
teacher's betrayal...
...we lost our classmate.
I won't forgive him.
Ever!
I guess it all happened.
Since I wasn't
going to school then...
...I couldn't tell you about it.
Don't play innocent with me!
You know about everything!
I guess it doesn't really matter.
It does matter!
Teachers only think
about themselves.
That's why he could turn on us
like that without any guilt.
You're still a child.
Of course, they only
think of themselves.
Teachers are human, too.
When they get cornered...
...of course they will
defend themselves first.
What do you
expect teachers to do?
You're old enough.
You should know that.
Even Onizuka is just
a 22-year old man. But...
...at least he isn't pretending.
It's written all over his face.
And he doesn't try to hide it.
He isn't a hypocrite
like the other teachers.
That is...
He puts on a good act.
All adults are...
...the same!
I wonder if that's true.
Of course it is!
Urumi, I don't know
what you're up to...
...but if you interfere,
I won't forgive you.
What do you mean?
I'll tell the entire school
about your father.
Miyabi, it wouldn't be
wise to make me angry.
What do you mean?!
I said what I mean.
Don't pull that crap!
What will happen
if I make you angry?!
The friendship of Onibaku...
...boils down to
a single raffle ticket.
Next, please!
You are a lucky guy!
He has won the grand prize!
Now we'll have the presentation
of the grand prize. Follow me!
Oh, no, wait a minute!
What's the grand prize?
One year's supply of cooking oil?
Excuse me, but I'm kind of busy.
And here's the grand prize!
Wow! This is...
Well...
What's that?
Excellent! Excellent!
GRAND PRIZE
Look!
What's that? A Mercedes Benz?!
Grand prize!? Raffle ticket?!
Onizuka!
He did it!
Huh?
It's a Mercedes Benz E430.
Its asking price is 8.6 million yen.
If he sells it, he'll
have enough money.
Are you serious?!
It's the extremely,
super-duper, incredible...
...miraculously lucky man...
...Eikichi Onizuka. 22 years old.
Greetings!
He did it!
Great job! Onizuka!
Now we can really go to Okinawa!
Yeah! He did it!
Onizuka-sensei...
Everyone! Let's go out!
Hey! Onizuka!
You came onto sacred
school grounds in a car!
- What were you thinking?!
- Shut up!
Does that Mercedes
really cost that much?
Yes, it costs at least 8 million yen.
What's happening?!
I can't believe that jerk has
a car that's more expensive...
...than my Cresta.
And his car will bail him out?!
I can't let it go!
- Vice Principal!
- Calm down!
Get your hands off of me!
I'll kill him, and then I'll kill myself.
He's an incredibly lucky guy.
Yes, but there are still
three days before the deadline.
I hope nothing happens
in the meantime.
So this is the Mercedes Benz!
See, you guys?
Now do you see how lucky I am?!
My luck is
at a supernatural level now.
Whatever.
But isn't this muffler too noisy?
Yeah, I cut a little hole in it.
You're selling this, aren't you?
Hey, Miyabi.
What are you going to do?
You're not going
to quit now, are you?
Don't be an idiot!
I will crush him!
I will absolutely crush him!
But do you have a plan?
Yeah. We only
have three days left.
We can't set up...
...anything new.
Yes, we can.
What?
I have a good plan.
Hey, Ryuji.
Man! How did you get that?
Did you go crazy and rip it off?
Fool! Did you
forget how lucky I am?
Don't you remember
when I won the body board...
...in the raffle put on by the
Tsujido Business Association?
You mean that raffle ticket?
Yep! It's the grand prize!
The grand prize!
Eikichi! That was the raffle ticket
I got at the supermarket!
So then this is mine!
Fool! I was the one
who got the ticket!
Think about the New
Year's card with raffle tickets.
Whoever gets the winning
card can claim the prize.
Shut up!
Don't compare a Mercedes
with portable bicycles!
Leave this car with me!
Move! We're selling this now!
If you damage it and the value
goes down, I'll kill you!
Then with the money you get...
...you can return
the 870,000 yen you owe me!
Hey, Baku...
...you don't want to jeopardize our
friendship over money, do you?
From now on, as always...
...consider me your best friend!
Oh, you're home early.
I guess I'm not fully recovered
from my cold so I left school early.
Miyabi, are you all right?
We may have some homework.
I'm just going
to use Dad's computer...
...to download some
data from my friend.
HIRAMATSU METAL
Here it is.
FUKU BIKI KEN - ACHO!
(RAFFLE TICKET - YEAH!)
Okay, then. I'm going to sell it.
I kind of want to keep it.
Oh, well...
Damn that Miyabi!
What's the matter, Kanzaki?
Nothing.
Okinawa!
I have to buy a swimsuit!
Are you sure you're all right?
Yeah, I'm back to normal now.
The homework is too hard.
I'm going to do it with my friends.
Don't stay out too late.
All right!
I won't let him do
what he wants! Never!
I don't want to sell the Mercedes
Benz now that I have it...
...but in order to make 8 million,
I don't think I have any choice.
I've got an idea! How about
adding an AMGbody kit...
...and saying that this is an AMG?
Then maybe I can
get another 2 million.
Then I can pocket
the extra money.
And I can go to Hawaii
for two months...
...and spend time
with a blond girl...
Hey!
Hello. Miyabi?
He just jumped
in front of him. Yeah...
He didn't run over him.
He damaged the front end
when he hit an electrical pole.
Does this mean
the plan didn't work?
Don't worry. Just in case...
...I gave several plans
to that man.
Keep on watching them.
I'll be there in a minute.
Miyabi is making her move.
I'm investigating the details now.
Find Onizuka immediately. Urumi.
Kanzaki!
You!
Hey, you! Old man! Why did
you jump in front of me?!
In order to avoid hitting you,
I smashed the Mercedes!
Hey, what are you going to do?!
My Mercedes!
I'm so sorry!
I know it's wrong, but this is...
...this is the only thing I could do!
To die!
To die...?
We can't find him!
We've checked everywhere...
...but he didn't sell
the Mercedes anywhere.
He hasn't returned
to the school yet, either.
Kikuchi, what's happening?
Miyabi did it.
What do you mean, Kanzaki?
Miyabi's father is the manager
of the finance division at a bank.
From his bank's data,
she found a small business client...
...who was denied
financing and desperate.
She got him to jump
in front of Onizuka's Mercedes.
That.!
Why would anyone
do something like that?!
Both the Mercedes
and the man are okay...
...but Miyabi is thinking
about another plan.
You know where it
happened, don't you?
Yeah, I have an idea.
My name is Hiramatsu.
I own a company
called Hiramatsu Metal.
It's just a small factory...
...making parts for cars.
There are only 20 employees.
Our bank just cut off our credit.
It's pretty serious.
They know what will happen
to a factory whose credit...
...is terminated
during this bad economy.
I bowed many times
like the grasshopper.
But it's no use.
I have a promissory note for 5
million due the day after tomorrow.
I don't think I can pay it.
What a pity!
If I could pay off the note, new
equipment could be delivered.
It had all been arranged!
I can't face my employees
who've worked so hard.
If I knew this would happen,
I would have folded the company...
...when my father died.
I should have continued
working as a teacher.
A teacher?
Yes. I was having fun at that time.
To tell you the truth...
...one of my students asked me...
...to be the cosigner
for his loan last year.
He was a member
of the baseball team...
...and he was quite the delinquent.
But he was a good kid,
and I was willing to cosign.
But he disappeared.
So I had to pay off his debt.
That was the beginning
of my downfall.
That debt brought another debt,
and it began to snowball.
No, I don't resent him.
I believe he's working very hard
to return the money to me.
I got a call from him the other day.
He said he could return
the money within three days.
But three days later, for some
reason, he didn't show up.
Well, I think he can
return it in a few days.
Unfortunately, our factory
can't stay in business that long.
I feel bad for him...
...when he's trying
to pay me back.
Hiramatsu-sensei...
Your student will
come through. Definitely.
It's a good story.
Here.
It's the key to the Mercedes.
You need to pay off
the notes, don't you?
It's a little damaged.
But if you sell it,
you can get 8 million yen.
But...
That's all right. I still have
three days before I need money.
If you can return
the money by then...
I want to believe in him, too.
As a matter of fact, I'm a teacher,
although I may not look like one.
If a teacher can't trust others,
what's the point of it all?
He's so stupid!
He took it so seriously.
This is the end of Onizuka.
I'm worried a little bit, though.
I told you I have several plans.
Great, Miyabi!
So was the man lying
about being a teacher?
Of course! I told the man
Onizuka was a teacher.
In order to gain his sympathy,
he must have made up the story.
Let's go to Karaoke to celebrate
the defeat of Onizuka!
- I'm in!
- I'll sing all of the songs!
You loaned it?!
Are you stupid?
It's all a trap set by Miyabi!
But if I didn't give him my
Mercedes, he might be dead!
And he promised that he'll
return the money in three days.
How can he guarantee that?!
We have to see him right away
and get the Mercedes back!
No matter how you look at it,
Miyabi went too far!
Why don't you get angry?!
Because she's also my student.
She's very energetic,
but she's using it in the wrong way.
Listen!
Don't worry.
I've decided to trust him.
All right, then...
Where are you going
at a time like this?
My part-time job! My part-time job!
I'm scheduled to work
up to the last day...
...so I'm going.
What a clown!
The Mercedes won't
come back, will it?
Of course not! There are
no happy endings like that!
Then...he'll get fired anyway.
I won't let it happen.
We still have three days.
We haven't been beaten yet.
I told Miyabi...
...she'd better not...
...get on my bad side.
I guess they need a harsh lesson.
You can't love everyone
It's only for the one you love
No breaking your faith or doubting
Don't you judge or hate?
Just stay innocent
Am I hurting anyone?
My emotion quietly blazes
Deep inside my eyes
I am so happy that I found you
In the infinity of eternal time
What is there for me to do?
It may be small now
But the fire cannot go out
A tear is about to drop
Hold it back in your chest
Live strong every moment
Like a single drop of your tear
NEXT EPISODE
20 million yen from each of you,
which comes to 60 million.
Out of that, we'll take 8 million...
...to cover Onizuka's debt.
Do you know
what you're talking about?!
I'm going to call the police!
What are you talking about?
Are you stupid?
SEE YA NEXT TIME